add clarification btw semantic.manifes.json and manifest.json (#4928)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/artifacts/other-artifacts.md

2. `with_test_edges` &mdash; after test edges have been added.

Each of those points in time contains the `name` and `type` of each node and `succ` contains the keys of its child nodes.

### semantic_manifest.json

The [`semantic_manifest.json`](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/sl-manifest) file is useful as an internal interface between `dbt-core` and MetricFlow. As such, it functions as a behind-the-scenes bridge for interaction between the two systems. You can find all of the `semantic_manifest.json` information in the [`manifest.json`](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json).

> There are two main reasons why `semantic_manifest.json` exists alongside `manifest.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two reasons why `semantic_manifest.json` exists alongside `manifest.json`:
```

- Deserialization: `dbt-core` and MetricFlow use different libraries for handling data serialization.

> - Efficiency and performance: MetricFlow and the dbt Semantic Layer need specific semantic details from the manifest. This means by trimming down the information into `semantic_manifest.json`, the process becomes more efficient and enables quicker data handling between `dbt-core` and MetricFlow.

Reviewer: Nothing wrong with the word `quicker`, but, generally, when people are scanning for information like this, they're looking for `faster`; it stands out more to readers. 
```suggestion
- Efficiency and performance: MetricFlow and the dbt Semantic Layer need specific semantic details from the manifest. By trimming down the information printed into `semantic_manifest.json`, the process becomes more efficient and enables faster data handling between `dbt-core` and MetricFlow.
```
